README.md, before:

# [WIP] Procedural Worlds Editor

PWE is a node based procedural terrain generator which aims to support a complex biome system, multiple surface generation algorithms and an easy and powerful API to add anything which is missing in the project.  
Currently under active developement, if you're interseted in contributing / have question about this project, feel free to contact me on [Unity connect](https://connect.unity.com/u/58ffd32232b3060022d79f99)

## Status of the project:
[![Average time to resolve an issue](http://isitmaintained.com/badge/resolution/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor.svg)](http://isitmaintained.com/project/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor "Average time to resolve an issue")
[![Percentage of issues still open](http://isitmaintained.com/badge/open/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor.svg)](http://isitmaintained.com/project/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor "Percentage of issues still open")

![Current version](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-in_dev-9E00FF.svg)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/15c578a373384328b55afadd2c3eeba5)](https://www.codacy.com/app/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

Consult the [trello](https://trello.com/b/ycMeDDPc/procedural-worlds) to see the project advancement and on what we're working on.  
There is also performance testing enabled on this project and [available here](http://pwperfs.tk).

## Wiki
[wiki link](https://github.com/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor/wiki)

## Editor screenshots:
World graph
![](https://image.noelshack.com/fichiers/2018/09/3/1519838245-github1.jpg)

Biome graph
![](https://image.noelshack.com/fichiers/2018/07/4/1518696251-screen-shot-2018-02-12-at-11-48-34-pm.png)

Current editor interface
![](https://image.noelshack.com/fichiers/2018/09/3/1519838326-github2.jpg)

Commit message:

Updated editor images and added grafana process time image

README.md, after:

# [WIP] Procedural Worlds Editor

PWE is a node based procedural terrain generator which aims to support a complex biome system, multiple surface generation algorithms and an easy and powerful API to add anything you want to the generation.  
This asset generate fully procedurally worlds as standalone (like in minecraft), only scripts will generate the terrain and so manual terrain editing tool are not planed to be implemented.  
Currently under active developement, if you're interseted in contributing / have question about this project, feel free to contact me on [Unity connect](https://connect.unity.com/u/58ffd32232b3060022d79f99)

## Status of the project:
[![Average time to resolve an issue](http://isitmaintained.com/badge/resolution/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor.svg)](http://isitmaintained.com/project/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor "Average time to resolve an issue")
[![Percentage of issues still open](http://isitmaintained.com/badge/open/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor.svg)](http://isitmaintained.com/project/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor "Percentage of issues still open")

![Current version](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-in_dev-9E00FF.svg)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/15c578a373384328b55afadd2c3eeba5)](https://www.codacy.com/app/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

The roadmap is on [our public trello](https://trello.com/b/ycMeDDPc/procedural-worlds), you can check it out to see what we're doing, don't forget to click on the colored tags to expand their name, it helps a lot to see the status of the project :)  
In addition to unit-tests and codacy linter, there is also performance testing [available here](http://pwperfs.tk), it currently displays the process time of a graph for one chunk of 128\*128.
[![Performance reports](http://pwperfs.tk/render/d-solo/coLIcmzik/proceduralworlds?orgId=1&panelId=2&width=1000&height=500&tz=UTC%2B01%3A00)](http://pwperfs.tk)

## Wiki
[github wiki](https://github.com/alelievr/Procedural-Worlds-Editor/wiki)

## Editor screenshots:
World graph
![](https://image.noelshack.com/fichiers/2018/09/3/1519838245-github1.jpg)
![](https://image.noelshack.com/fichiers/2018/12/3/1521640740-editor-worldgraph.png)

Biome graph
![](https://image.noelshack.com/fichiers/2018/07/4/1518696251-screen-shot-2018-02-12-at-11-48-34-pm.png)

Current editor interface
![](https://image.noelshack.com/fichiers/2018/12/3/1521640627-editor-interface.png)
